>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right, so,
we're gonna hop into the implementation
piece of the workshop now.
So we did the kind of discovery
phase where we discussed
what these data structures are,
kind of the theory behind them.
We talked a tiny bit about time complexity
analysis of certain operations and
we drew a lot of pictures.
And now sort of like the first phase
of learning data structure, the theory.
Now we're getting to like, how do we
turn those pictures into lines of code?
And this is the implementation piece.
And then, the next step is going to be
how do we take those lines and code and
solve the real problem that
you may be ask to interview?
And then we do recap.
But first,
I'm gonna go over the structure of
the boilerplate code I'm gonna give you,
that's gonna be the prompt.
So, I recommend when you guys get
home when you have some free time
to go through and implement all of them.
Those of you who are taking
this class online,
I recommend implementing all of them.
Just for the class, we don't have
time to do all of them here today,
cuz it'll take 20-30 minutes for each, and
then suddenly that's two hours for us.
And that's most of the day, and we don't
wanna focus on that, we wanna focus on,
really, the application
of these data structures,
to real interview questions, and
I want to leave a few hours for that.
Okay, so,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Some
things to keep in mind are this table,
this is a very famous table,
this is a big old cheat sheet.
Most of the pictures in my
slides are secretly a link.
So if you click on this it'll bring you
to the website, where you can find this.
So, these are the data structures
that we're going over today.
The time complexities for
most common operations.
As you can see, they all share access, so
that's the lookup, insertion,
search, and delete, deletion.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: They all
have their pros and cons, and
you need to keep this in mind when
you're implementing your data structure,
because you need to meet
these requirements, okay?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
then we have sorting algorithm,
time complexity here as well.
And this is good to know for when you're
actually solving interview questions,
cuz you'll find that often you can
increase the time complexity of your
solution by sorting the list if
it's an ordered data structure.
So basically, anything other
than a hash table, you can sort.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I'm trying to think if
I should have go through each one.
Well, we'll go through it when
I go through the bolierplate.
And then we'll talk about
the specifics of each one.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And then you need to
make sure that you implement it that way.
Okay, so we have our stack.
So if you click this button,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It will take you to
the prompt.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Then what you
can do from the prompt is you can fork it,
and then you can write your solution here.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And so,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Just know that.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: How do I go back?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Stick to the original,
okay.
So here we are implementing
a class that represents a Stack.
So we're using a constructor.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: A class
contractor here.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And, anytime you wanna
put a property on a data structure itself,
right, so this is like, storage or,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What else?
If you have a pointer to the head or
the tail, you would put this
is in the constructor method.
So this just ES6 classes,
if you're used to ES5 classes,
this is just inside of the regular
function, where you call new and
you return this .storage,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: This is just
a different syntax.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: When you create
an instance, which means that,
from your constructor, you create one,
it's a factory, right,
you create one of the things that
you're making, in this case,
it's a stack, how we use it is we say
new Stack, and we call it like this.
And so what myStack will look like?
Is it will look like an object
that has a property _storage,
that has an object inside of it?
That's what that looks like.
So we could take look and
then we have some methods as well.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: But
we'll get to those in a second.
So if we wanted to console.log,
and I highly recommend that
through different steps, you should
inspect what the code actually looks like,
instead of just assuming it
looks like a certain way.
So let's take a look and see,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What it looks like.
So we have, again, here our storage.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay,
questions about how this works?
So this is how we make classes in ES6.
If we wanted to put another thing,
let me say this .otherThing.
Whoa, you know and
then you can do it again,
and you can see it's also there.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
we don't really need this.
So the underscore is
a convention that says like,
this is an internal property you
shouldn't be working on it directly.
So if you were consuming this Stack class,
which means,
you're the person who called new.
So I'm consuming this Stack class,
I am not supposed to do stack.storage.
Cuz the underscore says, this is private,
you're not supposed to access it,
you can only access it through
the methods that are public.
Right, and the public methods that
we have, which aren't implemented,
we have peek, pop, and push.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
that's what the underscore means.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cuz you could,
right, you could do that.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It's
returning that value here.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It's not important.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay, so your task
is to read through this code comments.
This is just JS Stack format which means
that, it kind of has a description,
and then we'll talk about
the parameter that it takes.
And then,
the name of that parameter, right?
So in this case, when we say push,
we will say, push value, put this here.
And then, if there's a return value,
we also talk about what it may return.
So push doesn't necessarily
return new thing.
However, pop, we'll return the last,
newest value.
And so this is defining
the interface of this method.
And so, you're task is,
how do we interact with our storage?
And, do we need to make more
properties to make this work?
What is the logic that we need
to put inside to have push work,
to have pop work, and have peek work,
in the time complexity that is
required of this data structure.
So this needs to be a constant,
this needs to be constant,
this needs to be constant time.
Which means that,
we can't shift anything around,
like there shouldn't be any looping, there
shouldn't be anything other than lookups.
So lookups, simple math, things like that
are gonna be constant time operations.
And if you're confused about what is or
isn't a constant time operation
as you're going through this, feel free
to ask, and I can chat with you about it.
For those of you who are watching
the video, you can check out my time
complexity videos in the algorithms
portion of this course.